you are about to see the world's most
beautiful beaches Curacao Trinidad
Cayman Islands Bahamas British Virgin
Islands do you know what all these
beaches have in common well they're all
actually in Aruba to prove the world's
most beautiful beaches are ours we did a
little experiment a rubas image Bank we
invited an international photographer to
take photos of the main beaches in the
island
afterwards we uploaded them into the
major image banks in the world as
royalty-free photos then all we had to
do was to relax under the hot Sun for
some time to prove our points a few
weeks later nobody would believe what
happened flights to cure a sound
hotels in Trinidad real estate in Miami
rent-a-car in Cayman Islands we
monitored all the uploaded images and
registered that they have been heavily
used to promote more than twelve
different countries even the government
of Puerto Rico could not hold off
they also used our wonderful beaches on
their official website print ads posters
social network posts and a film were
produced saying the obvious but twenty
fighters when their beauty is not enough
they use ours we just wanted to prove
Aruba has the most beautiful beaches in
the world but we ended up discovering
our main competitors think the same
thank you all for choosing Aruba we
await your visit